README.md, before:

# so-47261385

Solves the question asked here: https://stackoverflow.com/q/47261385

> 1. Input array contains set of arrays.
> 2. Each inner array contains unique elements.
> 3. Each inner array may have different length and different values.
> 4. Output array must contain exact same values.
> 5. Output inner array must have unique values on same key.
> 6. If there is no solution, wildcard  ie.: null are allowed.
> 7. Wildcards can be duplicated on same key.
> 8. Solution should have as few wildcards as possible.
> 9. Algorithm should be able to handle array up to 30x30 in less than 180 s.

---

The idea is to identify conflicting elements and swap them to a column where they are no longer a problem. For cases where this is not applicable a random selection is done. The code works recursive and thus there might be an edge-case where it takes very long to complete.

For a examples check solve.php.

---

Some commands to try:

    > php solve.php solve unique --size=10 --num=3
    > php solve.php solve random --size=10 --num=3
    > php solve.php solve fixed --num=21

Commit message:

handle all-equal edge-cases

README.md, after:

# so-47261385

Solves the question asked here: https://stackoverflow.com/q/47261385

> 1. Input array contains set of arrays.
> 2. Each inner array contains unique elements.
> 3. Each inner array may have different length and different values.
> 4. Output array must contain exact same values.
> 5. Output inner array must have unique values on same key.
> 6. If there is no solution, wildcard  ie.: null are allowed.
> 7. Wildcards can be duplicated on same key.
> 8. Solution should have as few wildcards as possible.
> 9. Algorithm should be able to handle array up to 30x30 in less than 180 s.

---

The idea is to identify conflicting elements and swap them to a column where they are no longer a problem. For cases where this is not applicable a random selection is done. The code works recursive and thus there are edge-cases where it takes very long to complete.

An extreme edge-case is an input where all rows consist of exactly the same values.

---

##### Usage:

    <?php
    $solver = new SwapSolver();
    $solution = $solver->solve([
        ['A', 'B', 'C'],
        ['A', 'B', 'C'],
        ['A', 'B', 'C'],
    ]);

---

##### Some commands to try:

    > php solve.php solve unique --size=30 --num=1
    > php solve.php solve random --size=30 --num=1
    > php solve.php solve equal --size=30 --num=1
    > php solve.php solve fixed --num=22
